MYZEL ORGANICS
1
Myzel cultivates organic, GMP-grade mushroom powder in Ontario, Canada. 
All the inputs required to grow our mushrooms are organically sourced and cer
tified from within North America. 
We rely on sustainable production methods to deliver cost-effective powders  witho
ut compromising on quality or bioactive potency.
Each of our production lots is provided with a third party certificate of analysis to verify the contents, quality and safety of our mushroom powders. 
Full-spectrum mushroom powders are ideally suited for dietary supplements,
food & beverages, pet nutrition projects, and cosmeceutical applications. 
Full-spectrum mushroom powders are ideally suited for dietary supplements, food & beverages, pet nutrition projects, and cosmeceutical applications. 
THE POWER OF FULL-SPECTRUM 
Myzel produces full-spectrum mushroom powders
 that includes the mycelium, the antibodies
/ enzymes secreted into the fermented substrat
e, and some of the fruiting bodies. 
Blending the mycelium and fermented substrate
 provides a larger range of health-supportin
g compounds than fruiting bodies can alone. 
Our product formulation is scientifically driven,
 with verifiable data available to ensure quality an
d safety for humans and pets alike. 

Production
GMP-compliant facility equipped to produce, package and distribute pharmaceutical-grade products.
Laboratory
GLP-compliant mycology lab and quality control systems.
Food Safety
HACCP certified for food safety.
SOPs
Micro controls & monitoring of production processes outlined in Standard Operating Procedures. Every step of cultivation, processing, and packaging strictly adheres to HACCP and GFSI.
QA Testing
Third party external testing for heavy metals, microbial activity, allergens, and mycotoxins.
Third party external testing for heavy metals, microbial
activity, allergens, and mycotoxins.
2
QUALITY GAURANTEE
Myzel relies on a vertically-integrated production process, with all products
manufactured in a sterile, climate-controlled facility to maximize yield and
product potency.
PRODUCTION PROCESS
Proprietary
mushroom culture
bank to guarantee
product  quality,
viability and
authenticity.
Genetics
Cultivation
Mushrooms grown
and harvested in a
Canadian facility
with industry-
leading production
capacity.
Processing
Analysis
Mushrooms dried,
milled, inspected
and prepared for
testing and delivery
to buyers. 
Mushrooms sent for
third party testing
prior to release to
buyers.

3
FULL-SPECTRUM POTENCY
Disclaimer: Any statements or claims about the possible health benefits conferred by any foods, natural health
products, or supplements have not been evaluated by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA), Health Canada, or
the Food & Drug Administration (FDA) and are not intended to diagnose, treat, prevent or cure any disease.
OUR MOST POPULAR MUSHROOMS
Each species of mushrooms has its own unique qualities, with applications for
daily health and nutrition, sports performance, recovery, and wellness. 
Myzel’s mushrooms were selected based on a series of reported benefits. Each
species contains a wide variety of potent active compounds, including species-
specific metabolites (e.g. Cordycepin in Cordyceps, Erinacines in Lion’s Mane).
Chaga
Inonotus obliquus 
Almond Mushroom
Agaricus blazei 
Active Benefit: 
Allergy reduction
Anti-tumour properties
Active Benefit: 
Cardiovascular support
Immune system support
King Oyster
Pleurotus eryngii 
Cordyceps
Cordyceps militaris 
Active Benefit: 
Athletic performance
Energy enhancer
Active Benefit: 
Allergy reduction
Inflammation management
Maitake 
Grifola frondosa
Lion’s Mane
Hericium erinaceus 
Active Benefit: 
Anxiety support
Brain & nerve health
Active Benefit: 
Blood sugar stabilization
Inflammation management
Reishi 
Ganoderma lucidum
Oyster Mushroom
Pleurotus ostreatus
Active Benefit: 
Blood clot reduction
Cholesterol support
Active Benefit: 
Anti-tumour properties
Immune system support
Turkey Tail
Trametes versicolor
Shiitake 
Lentinula edodes
Active Benefit: 
Candida control
Digestive support
3Disclaimer: Any statements or claims about the possible health benefits conferred by any foods, natural health products, or supplements have not been evaluated by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA), Health Canada, or the Food & Drug Administration (FDA) and are not intended to diagnose, treat, prevent or cure any disease.

4
ABOUT MYZEL ORGANICS 
Founded in 2021, Myzel retrofitted an existing 36,000 sq ft agricultural facility
to run on Net-Zero energy.  Our mission: to produce the most sustainably-
driven organic medicinal mushroom powders in the industry.
Our team of experts, health professionals, and academic partners prioritize
data-driven research to deliver the market's best custom formulations. 
NORTH AMERICA’S SUSTAINABLE, ORGANIC,
LOW-COST FUNCTIONAL MUSHROOM PRODUCER
PRODUCT SAMPLES
Samples available upon request. 
Choose from a diverse range of functional mushrooms species. 
+1-877-386-0632
sales@myzelorganics.com
www.myzelorganics.com
4
The Myzel Difference
CONTACT MYZEL
Net-Zero Energy
Produced using
geothermal, solar energy,
and a return-water system.
Production Capacity
Net-Zero Energy
Produced using geothermal, solar energy, and a return-water system.
Cultivated in the Niagara
region in a Canadian
Organic grade facility. 
100% Canadian
Cultivated in the Nia
gara region in a Can
adian Organic grade facility. 
